Oh on the ground on the dirt kerkovich
she's okay I was just such a fright when
that happens what
especially if yeah everything that's
going on with her watching that not
again
has been initial main story as well in
recent weeks what Monica Monte Carlo
that stretches an xle it to the right
side the right hander stretching for
beforehand Nikhil could just give away
well yeah we talked about that a lot of
top dressing and you know just maybe a
bit more left digs in we expect it to
slide and it doesn't oh goodness
that just doesn't look good any time you
look at it as a Rinker straight across
to the other side of that sir checking
her opponent it's still on the tip here
you know you have two retirements
yesterday through injury and is so
fortunate for the tournament gets a nice
same site is the news wonder if he just
compensating slightly here with the tape
already on the knee she's have terrible
knee problems 2008 she was out for eight
months with it
I will be a cadet Nunez just confirms
inside here that pack of it she's not
going to continue it's a Royal Bank all
that right ankle you can see is wall and
effort she was putting in getting back
into the second set and into match of
course sadly unfortunately it's all
ended here for a bother it nerdy German
Fed Cup caps in a package of calls made
a return taking part in the if it got
worked great quite off last weekend
playing singles and doubles robbers
wareameye Nancy's pankova chuckles any
just returns
so that's all after that problem now
hopefully not call this is so so
disappointing I feel so sorry for her is
fallback to me in Jersey she was just
well getting the edge you feel in that
second set against the number one in the
world tour around Zurich of doing her
bit there as well of course not the way
she would have wanted to to go through
to the quarterfinals